Thanks.
I've made up my mind.
That's enough.
He alone is enough for me!
B-Brother!
I am...
collapsing... breaking...
breaking...
I am collaps...
Ninja Art: Fire Bridge!
Ninja Art: Fire Monk!
This is...
Gabimaru!
Brother!
Huh?
What is this place?
What’s with this vortex?
It’s too dark to see anything.
Where’s the ninja?
Inside the vortex?
I thought we were fighting.
I don't get it.
Looking at this vortex
just makes me irrationally angry.
It’s an eyesore.
It's an eyesore. Outta my way!
I'll kill you! I'll kill you!
I don't get what's going on,
but I'll kill you anyway!
He’s practically reduced to ashes.
Why isn’t he using that Tao thing?
Gabimaru can’t use Tao.
He doesn't remember.
His opponent’s Tao is huge.
Gabimaru can’t win.
I can't win like this, but...
I just need to use Ascetic Blaze
one more time, I know it.
Even if I die, someone else
from the village will just take my place.
Obstacles should be removed
as much as they can be.
Killing him here takes priority.
Even over my own life.
Hey, hey, he’s really going to die.
What is he trying to do?
His goal should be
to be declared innocent,
but it's all meaningless if he dies.
The same goes for his opponent.
They’ve both lost sight of themselves.
No... Brother.
What are you going this far for?
For what reason?
No way!
In real combat, you relied
on your brother, didn’t you?
I can tell from that unscarred face.
Is he doing it... for me?
You must be joking, brother!
Because I'm...
I'm not worth...
Brother!
I'll kill you! I'll kill you!
In the way... In the way...
Everything is an enemy except us!
Us...
Me...
Who am I?
Brother.
Brother...
I'm sorry.
I thought we were fighting together.
But you were fighting
alone the whole time.
It's because I’m weak,
because I’m unreliable,
that you pushed yourself to this point.
Wake up, brother.
I may be just a part of you,
but you're everything to me.
This is my chance.
I'll burn them both alive!
Gabimaru, no!
Miss, that's dangerous!
He's got no Tao left. He'll die!
Ninja Art!
What is this?
Is that girl doing this?
Brother!
Toma, just wait.
Just wait.
Miss! I don’t know
what’s going on, but stop already!
Miss!
What in the world is happening?
Is this also that Tao thing?
Y-you've gotten bigger! Everything has!
What the hell is going on, idiot?
She's cute, idiot!
Shut up.
We'd know if we dissected her.
You're a true idiot.
Good grief.
Nothing but mysteries.
Someone explain this to me.
Seeing it again in the morning...
It really is strange.
A sound I’ve never heard...
A presence...
Either demons lurk here,
or evil manifests.
If all of this island’s mystery
is just an illusion,
then the question is who made
something like this, and how?
Let’s go.
A testing ground for life...
A manufactured island...
I’d be lying if I said
nothing came to mind.
A sense of wrongness
hangs over the entire island.
But...
humans who kill the Tensen...
They will undoubtedly change the island.
Will I still be myself
by the time that happens?
Oh?
Sagi! Shio!
Fuchi-dono.
And... Gabimaru! Those wounds...
Huh? Toma. What?
Huh? And the others?
Where are Ten and Sen?
And what’s with everyone’s clothes?
Uh...
- What happened to you?
Mei, did you use your power?
Whoa, it talked! What is that creature?
I must thank you.
To be able to reunite
with this child alive...
Did you come from the ravine?
That was the Soshins' nest, wasn’t it?
You mean the monsters? I killed them all.
Is that a Doshi? You beat it?
Well, yes.
There were about two more as well.
Why can it talk with just a head?
In a thousand years,
this is the first time
I’ve seen people like these.
Killing Soshins, killing Doshis.
Even killing gods.
What they bring to the island may not be
just change alone.
At first, I absolutely
hated the idea, but...
The brain is annoying, but cool.
- It makes sense the more I listen.
- Still, the liver's the best part.
- No, it’s been weird the whole time.
- Anyway, it's cute.
Dumplings.
I see.
So, only eight survived.
Less than half of the landing party.
The woman with a nice ass survived, huh?
Yeah. Super awesome, right?
We should evacuate somewhere away
from the castle as soon as possible, but...
Gabimaru isn't in any state to walk.
And...
Mei...
Still,
so many dead in just three days.
Even if it was an order, it hurts.
What pointless sentimentality.
We were killing each other
until only one remained from the start.
Did you really think you’d all get along
and go home together?
I seriously did.
Is that one your buddy too?
He’s a "worm inside the body," you know?
I spared his life,
and yet he won’t talk, just drags us down.
If he’s a problem for you,
want me to cut him down?
- Stop it.
- Huh?
He may have his reasons.
More importantly, I won't let
anyone else die on my watch.
Unless they’re trying to kill us.
Oh? So there's more to you
than just your big chest.
Sorry to interrupt, but...
Is it really okay to leave Gabimaru
like this?
He’s basically on death’s door.
Oh... Yes...
We need to treat him somewhere fast.
He’s so badly injured,
he lost consciousness.
No, that’s not because of the wounds.
He went berserk, so I punched him.
He is certainly in a bad state.
He must have used too much Tao.
He looks like he could
fade away any moment.
We did everything we could,
but the wounds wouldn’t close at all.
Fuchi-dono.
It's as though it's not just his body,
but something more.
Like the core of him
as a living being was damaged.
No.
Gabimaru!
Hey, don’t push yourself. Stay down.
My strength hasn't returned yet.
There are more unfamiliar faces too.
I need to grasp the situation first.
You're right. Let's rest for a bit.
How are your injuries?
I’m fine. Leave me alone.
You’re still as cold a man as ever.
Those aren't the kind of injuries
you can just leave on their own to heal.
You could die if you're careless.
I don’t care.
Who are you?
Huh?
You know me. I’m Gabimaru of the Hollow.
I thought so.
Sagi, what’s going on?
It must be
that his memories are scrambled
due to abnormal Tao.
He's not the man I know right now.
Yeah. His soul is severely worn down.
Knowing you,
you kept fighting even when we were apart.
Fighting and fighting.
Even when you fell,
you crawled back up, never resting.
All for one purpose.
Sagiri.
Leave this to me.
What should I do? Kill her? But...
Why does looking
at this woman disturb my heart?
Tell me, Gabimaru.
Do you understand why you’re here?
You’ve lost your memories.
But with compatible Tao interference,
you may be able to recover.
Let’s try that first.
Don’t be on guard. I’m not your enemy.
I am...
I am an executioner, not your ally.
What is Gabimaru to you?
I...
I am your precious companion.
So, please, trust me.
Come here--
Don't be on guard--
It’s okay--
Come on, Ga--
Enough already!
It really does seem he used too much Tao.
She's strong!
I said "precious companion,"
but it doesn’t feel right at all.
You and I don’t have
such a soft relationship.
Let’s skip the awkward kindness.
Right now, I just need your strength.
If you don’t like it,
try pushing me away yourself.
Wha...
Between stillness and fury!
You’re not putting any strength into it.
This feels like payback
for something from long ago.
Shall we keep going a bit longer?
What are they doing over there?
Some kind of bedchamber art?
Of course not.
No, but it kind of looks like it.
Through contact,
Tao is circulating and recovering.
Didn’t know Sagirin had that side to her.
I’m surprised too.
But that presence...
Their Tao compatibility is good.
There must be parts of me
I don’t even know
that are compatible like that.
What is this feeling?
It’s like my strength is coming back.
If we all want to return home,
we have to work together.
And...
There’s someone you need
to reunite with, right?
I was consumed by Tao.
I lost myself.
A dangerous power beyond understanding.
Dangerous, but if you master it,
you’re unstoppable.
Just wait.
Comes at me in droves, huh?
Well...
Perfect practice for Tao, right?
Hey, you guys!
Bet your meat tastes good, huh?
It’s cramped,
but this should hide us from the monsters.
Perfect, right? I found it myself.
We can’t let our guard down.
The Tensen perceive more
than just with their eyes.
You’re a coward, huh?
That scared of these so-called Tensen?
Ignorance is bliss.
Huh?
Of course I’m scared.
No matter how much you cut them,
they won’t die.
It took five of us
just to kill one of those monsters.
Since we caused that much
commotion in their territory,
the others will notice sooner or later.
You’ve met them too, haven’t you?
Gabimaru.
Yeah. At the gate.
Your memories have returned.
Only little by little.
Sorry for all that trouble.
But thanks to that, it really sank in.
The power of Tao... its strength...
and the backlash.
And how terrifying
the Tensen who wield it are.
Then shouldn’t we get
off this island right now?
Better than dealing
with something that dangerous.
I think we'd have a better chance
at explaining ourselves to the shogunate.
Just surviving won’t let me see my wife.
Without a pardon guaranteeing
innocence and protection...
Hey, about that...
An illusion? I see.
By showing you an illusion
of a wife who doesn’t exist,
you're made into a puppet.
That’s what the Iwagakure chief
came up with, right?
Well, we’ll know once
we return to the mainland.
My goal hasn’t changed.
Find the elixir.
What? H-hold on a minute!
I’m saying I don’t want to take that risk.
Even if we bring back the elixir,
what’s the point
if your wife doesn’t exist?
She does. Absolutely.
How can you be so sure?
Because I feel it.
Huh? What does that mean?
Yuzuriha.
What? Who benefits
from tiptoeing around this?
It's better for Gabi to force him
to be clear about this.
Gabimaru is usually so logical in battle,
yet he’s vague here.
That’s your answer.
You can’t prove it?
That’s true.
I’m not as good with words as you.
So, I can't say it well.
All I can remember are small details.
Like, her voice.
A little high, slow, and gentle.
That tone... How should I describe it?
Eyes that narrow when she smiles.
Long, soft fingers.
When her hair sways, it smells nice.
When the weather's nice,
sitting on the veranda,
behind the scent of sun and grass,
I smell her.
Even now, I do.
Dear.
Yui.
That’s her name.
She’s not an illusion. I feel it.
You can ask me to prove it,
but that’s hard. So...
The only way is to leave this island
and see her again.
Yes.
You're right.
So you’re dragging others into this
for the sake of your woman?
My wife.
You’re a real man. I like that.
I'll tag along if I have a free hand
while I'm chasing my own ambitions.
I’m hunting monsters anyway.
He's saying he can do it
with one hand. Nice one.
You're a ninja and you just
exposed your weakness.
- But that may be exactly why.
- Huh?
While he was talking,
his Tao surged strongly.
For him, that weakness and strength
might be two sides of the same coin.
That tiny body holds
an absurd amount of Tao.
Those who have something
to lose are strong.
Weaklings taste bad.
That’s rare.
A mixed breed.
Were you the one who killed Mu Dan?
Subtitle translation by: Maslin Friedman